Opinion: I was trapped by ash from the Taal volcano – this is how I escaped   : Volcano’s quakes and cracks send more people fleeing in Philippines.
Help us bring back color to t…  Thousands of families displaced because of TaalEruption2020.
A lot of them with children.
He’s confident he’s safe there.
Pineapples have turned gray in the Philippines from ash spewed by Taal volcano    : Pineapples have turned gray in the Philippines from ash spewed by Taal volcano   Volcano eruption in Philippines: Pineapples turned gray from ash spewed by Taal volcano near Manila - CBS News  Gray pineapples: Volcano devastates Philippines farm  Pineapples have turned gray in the Philippines from ash spewed by Taal volcano   : Pineapples have turned gray in the Philippines from ash spewed by Taal volcano
 News Bibleproph…  : Another crack about 700m up the road from the big one yesterday - unfortunately this one has caused damage to nearby buil…
 Taal Volcano in Philippines at Alert Level 4, with over 60,000 people evacuated .
 New cracks appeared on the surface of the Philippines' Taal Volcano 1/15, suggesting imminent eruption.
 40K people have…  : The weather is spectacular and the volcano, at least on the surface, is calm for now taal philippines   : VIDEO: Taal volcano in the Philippines could spew lava and ash for weeks, leaving thousands in limbo after they fled their homes f…  _news: In the Philippines, Taal Volcano has errupted and it’s now under alert 4, a warning that a hazardous explosive eruption i…  _connect: Earthquakes rock Philippines indicating rising magma at Taal volcano.
 The Philippines military won't allow people to evacuate with their animal companions, so we all need to help each other out!… Taal Volcano in Philippines at Alert Level 4, with over 60,000 people evacuated .
 Many…  : Cracks spotted in earth and more quakes spark fear of huge explosion as police extend blockade - Taal volcano news live ht…  : dad is just inside the 17km taalvolcano evacuation zone.
 He’s confident he’s safe there.
