the Philippines military won't allow people to evacuate with their animal companions, so we all need to help each other out!... RT : New cracks appeared on the surface of the Philippines' Taal Volcano 1/15, suggesting imminent eruption. mercymalaysia sending a team this saturday to help evacuate 60,000 people from the area. RT : Pineapples have turned gray in the Philippines from ash spewed by taal volcano. Thousands of families
the Philippines military won't allow people to evacuate with their animal companions, so we all need to help each other out!... RT : New cracks appeared on the surface of the Philippines' Taal Volcano 1/15, suggesting imminent eruption. mercymalaysia sending a team this saturday to help evacuate 60,000 people from the area. RT : Pineapples have turned gray in the Philippines from ash spewed by taal volcano. Thousands of families
thousands of people have been evacuated from the area around the Taal volcano in the Philippines. the volcano is shooting lava half mile in the air and ash is falling a mile away. the military won't allow people to evacuate with their animal companions, so we all need to help each other out. RT _cavite: Thousands of families displaced because of the eruption, a lot of them with children. help us bring back color
nearly 44,000 people have fled the "danger zone" around the Philippines' Taal volcano. new cracks appeared on the surface of the Philippines' Taal volcano 1/15, suggesting imminent eruption. at least 8000 people, who live nearby, were evacuated. the volcano has erupted and is now under alert level 4, meaning it’s going to explode within the next 24 hours. a total of 68,600 people are affected in batangas and. cavite province, of whom more
three young volunteers died in a tragic car accident while doing rescue efforts for the Taal Volcano eruption victims in the philippines. evacuees have headed back to the ash-covered area to rescue their abandoned pets and livestock. the Philippines military won't allow people to evacuate with their animal companions, so we all need to help each other out. a total of at least 300,000 people evacuated near the volcano of the island of Taal in the Philippines today.
