Philippines: Taal volcano earthquakes make more people flee   The earthquakes of the Taal volcano in the Philippines make the population flee   : CoreaDelSur promised this Thursday $ 200,000 in humanitarian aid for some 45,000 Philippine victims of the volcanic eruption ... Philippines: Taal volcano earthquakes make more people flee  _ Philippines: Taal volcano earthquakes make more people flee  * Philippines: Taal volcano earthquakes make more people flee  More than 30,000 people left their homes in the affected Batangas province and nearby Cavite, in the Philippines.
Correspondent Cintia Godoy brings…  Volcano kicks in in the Philippines and expels 8,000 residents
Internacionales | Eruption of the Taal volcano in Filipinas caused large losses, where hundreds of international flights ... mobilsocial  13Ene Ashes from the volcano Taal reach schools and companies in Manila, in Filipinas.
: Following the eruption of the taal volcano in the Philippines, many animals were left behind.
Around Taal Volcano in the Philippines, the landscape turned black -   Around the Taal volcano in the Philippines, the landscape has turned black  Around the Taal volcano in the Philippines, the landscape has turned black | Euronews   : Scene of desolation in the village of Agoncillo in the Philippines after the eruption of volcano Taal.
This is serious!!
About half a million people… Philippines on alert due to volcano that has already forced the evacuation of 30,000 people   Philippines on alert due to volcano that has forced the evacuation of 30,000 people  Philippines on alert due to volcano that has forced the evacuation of 30,000 people  CM  Philippines on alert due to volcano that has forced the evacuation of 30,000 people   Philippines on alert due to volcano that has forced the evacuation of 30,000 people  Philippines raises alert level because volcano could erupt  via  Philippines raises alert level because volcano could erupt
Thousands of inhabitants in the Philippines are evacuated due to volcanic activity | ...  via   : Evacuations due to the eruptions of the Taal volcano in the Philippines affect more than 30,400 people   : The Taal volcano forces the evacuation of more than 53,000 people in the Philippines    : Activists from PETA Asia rescued horses, dogs, cows and other animals that were in the area that the author ...  : news To the rescue of the horses from the ashes of the erupting Philippine volcano Taal - Philippines volcano - Descend ...
Keep feeding paws on animals left in areas with Ashfall.
STUNNING!
Eruption worsens in the Philippines; more than 30 thousand evacuees
  The Taal volcano in the Philippines begins to expel lava and leaves more than 16,000 evacuees | International | THE COUNTRY   _GL: The Taal volcano in the Philippines begins to expel lava and leaves more than 16,000 evacuees | International | THE COUNTRY https: //t.…  : The Taal volcano (Philippines) begins to expel lava and leaves more than 16,000 evacuees
Man's Ninoy Aquino Airports…  : VolcanTaal in the Philippines: The magma has already reached the surface and an alert level 4 is maintained due to the possibility of ... Earthquake mag 4.7 at 30.21km from Buguis (Philippines)