On 12 January around 21:00 UTC, the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology recorded increased volcanic activities generating an eruption plume one kilometre-high accompanied by volcanic tremor and felt earthquakes in Volcano Island and barangays of Agoncillo, in the province of Batangas.
The activity of Tall volcano, monitored over the last 24 hours, continues to be characterized by steady steam emission and weak explosions with ash plumes up to 800 meters high. The ash dispersed southwest of the Main Crater but the activity is slightly weakening. Following the activity of Taal Volcano since 12 January, characterized by continuous magmatic and hydrovolcanic activity.
A total of 566 volcanic earthquakes have been registered since 12 January.
According to the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council (NDRRMC), more than 70,000 people have been sheltered in 300 evacuation centres in the provinces of Cavite and Batangas and more than 96,000 have been affected. In addition, 6 roads have been closed and 643 flights cancelled and 20 municipalities experinced power interruption. 27,719 households in Tanauan City have lost power due to ashfall. The towns of Laurel and Talis ay, San Nicolas, Agoncillo are still without power.
Various government agencies and the World Food Programme (WFP) are supporting the response together with hundreds of volunteers. On 15 January mandatory evacuations are still ongoing within the danger area, with more than 350,000 (500 000 on 14 January) people living within this 14 km radius of the volcano.
According to the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Technology (PHIVOLCS), the alert Level 4 remains in effect as well as the mandatory evacuation order for the people living in a radius of 14 km from the Main Crater and along the Pansipit River Valley where fissuring has been observed.
The European Commission EMS was activated on 13 January in rapid mapping mode (EMSR 418) and 2 satellite maps (1 delineation and 1 reference map) have been produced.
The authorities are conducting emergency operations and are continuously monitoring the volcano activity. State of calamity has been announced in Batangas province.
DG ECHO partners such as are Save the Children, Philippine Red Cross, Oxfam, and other national NGOs are actively contributing to the emergency response.