Fire in Australia have killed more than 1,000 million animals - Latin American summary   _MUNDO: »Australian fire smoke Sofocan two Latin countries (details)   : The heroes on four legs rescue Fire animals in Australia  : chendies in Australia, nobody talks about this, it is no longer a tendency, one billion dead animals is estimated.
I hope those fires stop, they have lost their lives 24 firemen, more than 480,000 animals have died; and n ...
: 👉Since September, the fires in Australia have been raging.
17 dead, 18 missing, 1,400 homes, 5 million hectares burned, 500 million dead  I pray for the Australian fire. """
: Fires in Australia add 349 million tons of carbon dioxide in just 3 months   http… _MUNDO: »Australian fire smoke Sofocan two Latin countries (details)   : The pink circle represents the 10.7 million hectares burned in Australia; That overlaps Belgium, Holland, Luxe ...  As well as to have a perspective of the amount of hectares burned in Australia, 10.7 million hectares, ...
The situation lasts…  The smoke from the fire in Australia reaches Buenos Aires and Uruguay The smoke of fires in Australia will continue to arrive at Chile   : Fire in Australia: How smoke arrived to Chile, Argentina and Uruguay after traveling 12,000 km  ...  : 🎥 Canine Power!"
_MUNDO: »Australian fire smoke Sofocan two Latin countries (details)   : Australia's forest fires acquire apocalyptic dimensions: they have issued more CO2 to the atmosphere 49 million ...
But how many others in freedom ???
It is a species absolutely not threatened and which makes running ... : Massacre announced in Australia: Almost 10,000 dromedaries will be shot down from helicopters ... because they drink t ...  : VIDEO.
URL  ↑ You can know the current situation in Japanese.
This is almost the same size as Hokkaido.
Does anyone know, is there a palm oil plantation in Aussie?
The problem is the forest that has been burned has already been 10 million…"
: The heroes on four legs rescue Fire animals in Australia  72 thousand volunteer firefighters fight the flames in Australia.
We do not have ... : Petition: NO to the massacre of 10,000 dromedaries in Australia!
American Firefighters Greeted With Applause in Sydney AS They Arri ... : A burning flame everywhere in Australia.
But summer has just begun 😢  Both people and animals are scared.
While the American fire brigade who has come to digestive activity is applauded at the airport, it is a demonstration that prompts breaks from fossil fuel in Morrison in various places.
Some people come from other countries to meet harsh work."
Hurricane force winds generate a ""megafire"" in Australia   Australia: hurricane force winds generate a gigantic megafire, more people flee their homes and increase the protections…   : Australia's forest fires acquire apocalyptic dimensions: they have issued more CO2 to the atmosphere 49 million ... With the rain in Australia, it is the storm what is calm  Hurricane winds generate in Australia a gigantic ""megaincliance""   🔴 Hurricane winds generate in Australia a gigantic ""megainting"" »   The fires in Australia are leaving plumes of smoke up to 17 kilometers high and ""firestorms"" h ...
It comes from the fires in Australia.
It seems that some wildfires have been extinguished  PrayForAustralia  AustralianBushfire URL : Good news about Australia's firefront."