26 people have died and more than 1.25 billion animals have perished in fires in australia. over 8 million hectares have burned in australia since october, a billion animals may have been killed. at least 480 million animals (reptiles, birds and mammals) have perished because of the fires which ravage the country. at least 10,000 dromedaries, an invasive species carried by humans in thone billion animals affected by fires in australia: how they die and which could disappear forever. one billion animals under fire in australia: how they die and which could disappear forever of animals under fire in australia: how they die and which could disappear forever.
the fire in australia has almost 6 million hectares, but the pressure from NGOs on australia is not as big as that for the Indonesian palm oil industry. death toll from the fires in australia rises to 27.the current fire is burning 8,000 koalas and 500 million animals, including 8,000 koalas (30% inhabiting), were burned to death. over 2000 houses burned down. there are also 24 dead. burned area is more than 5 million hectares (about the same as Kyushu + Shikoku.a forest fire of about five million hectares of land had destroyed three states in australia. number of animals burned to death in a forest fire in australia is in the hundreds of millions. australia's forest fires are more than three times as large as the largest forest fires in canada.
183 arsonists have already been arrested for causing more than 85% of the fires that are ravaging australia. experts have confirmed that 13% of bushfires are caused by arson, and 37% are suspected of arson. <unk> In australia, fires generate "fire storms". <unk> A rare weather phenomenon that risks causing their to...high temperatures and strong winds cause fires to continue to spread across southeastern australia today. the fires in australia are leaving plumes of smoke up to 17 kilometers high and historic "firestorms" ht. in australia, snipers will shoot 10,000 camels from helicopters.australia: the wind causes the junction of two huge blazes in the south-east. australia: the wind causes the junction of two huge blazes in the south-east. two huge blazes ravage the south-east of the country.
firefighters have arrived in australia: "we are coming to see how we can help them" <unk> want to fly to australia to become a volunteer for Koalas huhuhu, I can only see the video, they are recovering, pa... sikh volunteers serve free meals to bushfire victims in australia. did not stop hugging volunteers who rescued him in australia. kangaroo can't help but hug the volunteers who rescued him in australia.two young people have rescued several Koalas on Isla Banguoro, Australia, when introducing them into their car to save them from a forest fire. kangaroo continues to Embrace life-saving volunteers in australia. some of these children are said to have been named after the firefighters in heaven.
fires in australia almost add up in three months the annual emissions of the country 10ene... fires hit australia for months. but the risk of a great fire increases not only in san... in australia suman 349 million tons of carbon dioxide in just 3 months h.force winds have caused this Friday in the southeast of australia the merger of two huge fires, becoming... the wind causes the junction of two huge blazes in the south-east the wind causes the junction of two huge blazes in the south-east.australia suffers with pleasure 8 hours of rain. it's raining in australia, what a nice news <unk> front accompanied by gusts of wind at 50 to 100 km / h as well as a few rain, sometimes thunderstorm... news about australia's firefront. it was raining pretty well in south australia last night, but it's getting colder today. below-average forecasts Next week's temperatures around Melbourne and Sydney.