26 people have died and more than 1.25 billion animals have perished in fires in australia. 24 people were killed • 500 million animals died • 8,000 koalas died • over 5.5 million hectares burned (belgian size) • more than 1400 destroyed houses <unk> 5.5 million heks. a billion animals are believed to have died in the fires in australia.
fires in australia are more than 1 billion dead animals including 30% of the population of koalas <unk>6 million hectares have burned. 500 million animals have died. 1/3 of the koalas have disappeared. tens of thousands of... australia kills 10,000 dromedaries, an invasive species carried by humans in the 19th century.
more than 1,500 houses destroyed by fire, 4... 1,000 million animals calcined in australia. 5 million hectares burned (1.5 times the surface of catalunya) Previously, a forest fire of about five million hectares of land had destroyed three states in australia.
half a billion animals are believed to have died in the fires in australia. it is estimated that the amount of CO2 emissions in 100 countries was equivalent to that of CO2 emissions. if trees are planted, australian forest fires will take away their effectiveness.
the area devastated by the fires in australia is the size of Austria. Australia's forest fires are more than three times as large as the largest forest fires in canada. <unk> 8,000 koalas died <unk> 24 people died <unk> 500 million animals died <unk> more than 1400 destroyed houses <unk> 5.5 million hectares burned (belgian size)
a new heat wave accompanied by strong winds fears the worst fires in australia: another dreaded heat wave. australia is burned, in proportion much less than what Bolivia was burned with the Our american model. 183 people have been caught by intentional arson since the start of the australian fire.
high temperatures and strong winds cause fires to continue to spread across southeastern australia today. 183 arsonists have already been arrested for causing more than 85% of the fires that are ravaging australia. snipers will shoot 10,000 camels from helicopters due to the drought.
a bitch rescued a koala that had been lost in australia did not stop hugging volunteers who rescued him in australia. two young people have rescued several Koalas on Isla Banguoro, australia, when introducing them into their car to save them from l... kangaroo can't help but hug the volunteers who rescued him in australia. he is looking for...
firefighters arrive in australia to help fight the fires <unk>
australia braced for fresh hell as 100F heatwave gives rise to new wave of wildfires. 24 people were prosecuted on the suspicion of arson and 53 people are strictly projected violations. wildfire conditions on australia's east coast began to subside on Saturday after a tough night for government officials.
fires in australia almost add up in three months the annual emissions of the country 10ene... force winds have caused this Friday in the southeast of australia the merger of two huge fires, convi...'s fires add 349 million tons of carbon dioxide in just 3 months'