australia is on fire and over half a billion animals have been killed with more than 14.5 million acres burned. a billion animals have been caught in australia’s fires. some may go extinct 183 people have been arrested for deliberately starting fires in australia.
australia braces for another day of wildfires as temperatures flare of australians hit the streets as anger soars over PM Morrison's Trumpian attitudes. 'we are losing our national species at a rapid rate, these are the animals of australia,' says a sceptic. 'the blazes turned skies orange and made breathing the air in Sydney as bad as smoking 37 cigarettes,' says a sce
thousands of camels in australia to be shot from helicopters because they drink too much water. teenagers in australia rescue a pack of koalas from the devastating bushfires WOW!
australia is in crisis due to the catastrophic megafires that engulf 12 million hectares of land. a billion animals has died in australia’s bushfir...10,000 camels in australia may be culled as they compete for water with indigenous people. the fires in southeastern australia have renewed focus on the dangers that extreme drought and heat can pose to socie...
firefighter charged with starting 17 blazes in australia while on bail 'for serious sex offences' over 800 million animals have been lost in the bushfires. a koala detection dog in australia is working with all the firefighters here and it’s helping f...
US firefighters applauded <unk> as they arrived at Sydney International Airport to assist with the ongoing bushfires.
australia weather bureau sees no sign of cooler weather or rain to quell bushfires experts warn of hazardous smoke and how it affects those who brea...Australia to cull thousands of camels. we are in the midst of a camel cull of some 10000, and then a burning of carcasses. - for the first time since 2010, the us is sending 100+ firefighters to help combat the wildfires in australia.
australia is in crisis due to the catastrophic megafires that engulf 12 million hectares of land. lack of rainfall 'a direct consequence of climate chaos' - cnn. over 800 million animals have been affected in australia since September.
australia has 4000 women volunteer firefighters and there are women in the us crew. a billion animals have been caught in australia’s fires. some may go extinct. a zoo in australia is helping to save the lives of over 90,000 animals hurt in fires.
