firefighter charged with starting 17 blazes in australia while on bail 'for serious sex offences' tracked by ankle tag. more than 1 billion animals have been killed in australia's wildfires. people and billions of animals are dying, Trump trying to start WW3.australia is on fire. Nearly half a billion animals have been killed with more than 14.5 million acres burned. a billion animals have been caught in australia’s fires. some may go extinct is estimated that Australia has lost over a Billion animals in the fires. the zoo and aquarium association, australia's largest animal welfare group, is urging people to help save animals.
australia is in crisis due to the catastrophic megafires that engulf 12 million hectares of land. ecologists at the university of Sydney and WWF australia estimate that a billion animals has died in australia’s bushfires. koala detection dog in NSW, australia called bear that’s working with all the firefighters here and it’s helping f...000 camels in australia to be shot from helicopters because they drink too much water.,000 camels in australia to be culled as they compete for water with indigenous people.,000 camels in australia to be shot from helicopters because they drink too much water,000 camels in australia to be shot from helicopters because they drink too much water.
firefighter charged with starting 17 blazes in australia while on bail 'for serious sex offences' tracked by ankle tag. over 90,000 animals hurt in fires at australia zoo. 8,000 kangaroos have already died due to the fires.protests in australia amid bushfire evacuations: - Australia weather bureau sees no sign of cooler weather or rain to quell bushfires. Australia has had hotter summers in recorded history. stop blaming natural cycles in weather to giv...US firefighters applauded as they arrive at Sydney International Airport to assist with the ongoing bushfires. firefighters arrive in australia to cheers and applause as they set out to join other emergency workers on the ground. <unk>u.s. firefighters arrived in australia to a heroes’ welcome as they set out to join other emergency workers on the ground.
the blaze is estimated to cover half a million hectares. protests in australia amid bushfire evacuations. “the blazes turned skies orange and made breathing the air in Sydney as bad as smoking 37 cigarettes”.firefighters from the u.s. were greeted with cheers as they arrived in australia to help battle the country's devastating fires. billion animals have been caught in australia’s fires. some may go extinct. a billion animals have been caught in australia’s fires. some may go extinct. a billion animals have been caught in australia’s fires. some may go extinct.
australia zoo is helping to save the lives of over 90,000 animals, many of which were injured in australia’s raging wildfires. more than 100 koalas injured in south australia’s bushfires are being given 24/7 care by Adelaide Koala Rescue volunteers. more than 600 bats were transported from caring facilities evacuated in new s...US firefighters applauded as they arrive at Sydney International Airport to assist with the ongoing bushfires.
