_vidic: Moms with their babies escape from hospital during this horrible earthquake zagreb   : A M5.5 earthquake hit north of Zagreb, Croatia on Sunday leaving a 15-year-old in critical condition and several others…  : Mothers with babies outside of a Zagreb hospital this morning.
To top it all: it was snowing.
Many buildings w…   : A 5.3 quake left 17 injured in Zagreb, Croatia, the biggest one to shake the capital in 143 years.
One of them is 15 year old girl, she is in a critical condition.
Evacuation of NICU from Department of Ob/Gyn Petrova Zagreb ZagrebEarthquake Croatia   : Saddest image from Zagreb earthquake.
Mothers with newborns evacuated from hospital.
To top it all: it was snowing.
Old buildings in the city centre suffered damage.
it felt fucking extreme.
: A 5.3 Magnitude earthquake struck Croatia this morning causing damage to buildings and vehicles in the Captial Zagreb… An earthquake has rocked Croatia’s capital Zagreb, damaging buildings and leaving cars crushed by debris.
: Strong earthquake in Croatia while confinement.
Croatia now hold…  : School of Medicine, University of Zagreb after this morning’s M5.4 earthquake.
This morning, Zagreb was hit by an earthquake magnitude 5.5 on the Richter scale, strongest in 140 years.
All relevant servi…  : 5.3-magnitude earthquake shakes Croatia and its capital, Zagreb, causing widespread damage and injuries, officials say.
Prophets about to make a killing!
Our whole block was just awakened by a 5.4 earthquake in Zagreb Croatia.
:  It’s not good here in Croatia,Zagreb 🙁 6.24 am,local time 5.5 earthquake happened and did a lot of damage in Nort…  : OK.
This morning earthquakes hit Zagreb, ca 5.3 and 5.2 grade Richter.
Hold tight in there, bratia 5.4 earthquake in Zagreb and surrounding areas.
Evacuation of NICU from Department of Ob/Gyn Petrova Zagreb ZagrebEarthquake Croatia   : After a 5.5 magnitude earthquake in Croatia, supporters of Dinamo Zagreb, the football club, volunteered to evacuate newborn…  : 🇭🇷 Bad Blue Boys of Dinamo Zagreb gathered to help people after 6.0-magnitude earthquake hit Zagreb this morning   : Saddest image from Zagreb earthquake.
Mothers with newborns evacuated from hospital.
Started to snow.
earthquake COVIDー19 PrayForCroatia   _petir: All newborns in Zagreb are in a safe place, thank God and good people.
