a 15-year-old child was killed in the earthquake that hit the Zagreb and the surroundings of the city. 17 people were injured, and one 15 year old is vulnerable to life earthquakes shaken the capital, killed a 15-year-old child.
injured 17 persons, girls critically - world balkan In the earthquake in Zagreb 17 injured, girls in heavy condition: Do not forget about the danger of coronavirus. three people were injured in Krapina-Zagorje <unk>ulja, 11 people in Zagreb (of which one young...
part of the Zagreb cathedral tower collapsed after the equake. the capital of Croatia suffered collapses. when NotreDame burned, all of Twitter finally g...
earthquake hit this morning Zagreb, and especially its central part, caused material damage and on the buildings of judicial bodies, and all the facilities were already visited by Minister Bo<unk>njakovi<unk>. a series of earthquakes that hit Zagreb this morning, caused great material damage, numerous buildings, roads and cars were damaged. government warned its citizens to keep their distance even in this emergency.
March 22, 2020, Zagreb hit a series of earthquake, was first this morning at 6:23 by power 5.5 per richter. after that, five earthquakes, magnitude of 3 to 5 per richter. it feels great discomfort. almighty God whose hands manage everything you live to keep us...
the strongest was the first at 6.25 hours of magnitude 5.5 to Richter. then at 7.01 hours 4.8 to Richter, and at 7.41 hours 3.4 to Richter. more earthquakes were hit by Zagreb one at 9:04 3.1 to Richter.
bad blue boys of zagreb are currently moving babies from the Petrova maternity hospital affected by the earthquake of this... cheerlers rescheduled maternities in supporting blankets and all what they need, then helped moving part of the maternity hospital zemurotres zagreb dinamo badblueboys. emergency management office Zagreb has organized meals for all citizens who can not return to their homes because of the earthq
evacuation of babies in incubators from Beneficiary in Petrov. tents, sleeping bags, heaters and beds, which Croatia has requested through the joint mechanism of civil protection of the EU, will already arrive in Zagreb today, prime minister Janez Jansan wrote.
