earthquake hit Zagreb, killed fifteen-year-old Dete tsvesti. numerous injured - 15-year-old seriously injured found in rubble. child for which the media earlier reported to be dead, alive but in critical condition.two earthquakes have injured dozens of people and caused serious damage in the Croatian capital Zagreb. dozens of people are injured, entire streets of the Croatian capital are littered with rubble. one 15-year-old girl is vulnerable to life.earthquake of magnitude 5.3 shook the Croatian capital Zagreb on sunday, leaving one dead, a 15-year-old teenager. at least one person was killed in two earthquakes in the morning. according to media reports, it is...a 5.3 magnitude earthquake struck the Croatian capital, Zagreb, where one person lost his life.
"strong earthquake hit zagreb this morning, and especially its central part, caused material damage and on the buildings of judicial bodies. citizens arise that things were falling with shelves, pictures from the walls, some have cracked the windows and many say such a hit in Zagreb does not remember, it says free Dalmatia.
third earthquake shrewd Zagreb: there are no electricity and water in some parts, damaged hospital ribs and holy spirit (An earthquake damaged the Orthodox cathedral in Zagreb) the terrible earthquake in Zagreb also seriously affected the hospital infrastructure in Zagreb."
22Mar CROATIA 2 Earthquakes shake Zagreb capital of Croatia 6:24 am (mag.5.3) 7: 01h (mag.5.0) both generated important d... more earthquakes were hit by Zagreb one at 9:04 3.1 and 9:10 3.0 per...5.3 magnitude earthquake shakes Zagreb The earthquake and several aftershocks, which have caused at least a dozen her... 5.3 magnitude earthquake shakes Zagreb via _pais 5.3 magnitude earthquake shakes Zagreb via _pais 22mar broke quarantine!
the city of zagreb has introduced a free phone line 0800 8805 for citizens directly affected by today's earthquake. they invite those who remained without their homes or are severely damaged in the earthquake, to immediately answer the special telephone line. zagrebearthquake shook the city of zagreb on tuesday, with a magnitude of 7.8.army came out on the streets of Zagreb engaged in cleaning the ruins! appeal to everyone to adhere to the spacing to suppress the expansion of sovid19. appeal to everyone to adhere to the spacing to suppress the expansion of coronavirus.in Croatia, Ultras from dinamo Zagreb gathered to help evacuate babies and women from a maternity hospital. <unk> 19 down Bad Blue Boys and the Croatian army that quickly arrived at Peter's hospital today to help relocate born babies, their mothers and all pregnant women to another hospital.
