This Sunday  22Mar an earthquake of magnitude 5.3 was registered in Zagreb, Croatia

No victims have been registered so far ...  : A 5.3 magnitude earthquake that shook Zagreb left one dead, a 15-year-old teenager, reported the loc…  : A teenager killed by a 5.3 magnitude earthquake in Zagreb ►    : A 5.3 magnitude earthquake shakes Zagreb.
In addition to building damage, there are probably also injured.
The 15-year-old buried in Zagreb is not dead, but was found alive.
Do not sit on fake news, no one can lead the earthquake!
The third earthquake of Jointness 3.7 shook on Sunday morning at 7.41 hours Zagreb and its surroundings.
URGENT: Part of the Zagreb cathedral tower collapsed after the earthquake.
Injured by earthquake in Zagreb - cathedral damaged.
PM Janša just announced that the earthquake in Zagreb this morning did not cause major damage to Slovenia.
The strong earthquake of Magnitute 5.3 degrees hit Zagreb, has damages.
Rt : In the potres that morning, Zagreb was damaged the South Tower of the Zagreb Cathedral, and it is difficult for the Basilica of the Heart ...
Citizens arise that things were falling with shelves, pictures from the walls, some have cracked the windows and many say such a hit in Zagreb does not remember, it says free Dalmatia
arthquake of 5.3 on the Richter scale in Zagreb (Croatia), in the middle of the coronavirus pandemic.
They have been reporting the magnitude between 5.2 and 5.7.
Solidarity with the Cro people ...  Croatia: to COVID ー 19 is added a magnitude 5.3 earthquake in the capital Zagreb.
In full containment, Zagreb was hit by a magnitude 5.3 earthquake this morning.
via  List all over 30 earthquakes that have shaken today Zagreb.
5 km from Kašina, Grad Zagreb, Croatia   Strong earthquake hit Zagreb: earthquake was the strength of 5.3 units per Rihter's scale, and the epicenter was on seven kilometers from the city.
The ultras of Dinamo Zagreb collaborating with the Croatian army after the earthquakes this morning.
More detailed with the zoom of the map at:    Meals for all citizens who can not return to homes     The Emergency Management Office Zagreb has organized meals for all citizens who can not return to their homes because of the earthquake, and will be available on Zrinjevac, Mažuranić's Square and Dr. Franjo Tuđman.
Appeal to everyone to adhere to the spacing to suppress the expansion of sovid19.
Among other things, Hrvatska also asks for help in the form of winter tents, folding beds, sleeping bags and electric heaters.
Zagreb introduced a free telephone line for citizens affected by an earthquake.
Capacity 500 people!
