storm Gloria has been battering Spain for five days now with 140 km/h winds, heavy rain and snowfall. at least nine people have lost their lives in spain since sunday as storm Gloria unleashed strong winds, heavy snow and avalanches.sea foam flooded the streets of the Spanish town, tossa de mar, after storm Gloria. "sea foam fills streets in Spain after deadly storm Gloria hits the country" "sea foam fills streets in spanish town after deadly storm Gloria hits the country"Storm Gloria: Wind, rain, flooding and snow batter parts of Spain
‘Extreme risk’ still in place as storm Gloria kills eight - is Spain safe?...freak snowstorms batter Benidorm as storm Gloria sparks ‘extreme risk’ warning to tourists and shuts airports. storm Gloria is hitting eastern spain, with high winds and waves and heavy rain.Gloria: Wind, rain, flooding and snow batter parts of spain. storm: wind, rain, flooding and snow batter parts of spain. storm: wind, rain, flooding and snow batter parts of spain.calls emergency meeting as storm Gloria death toll hits 13 just posted "Spain calls emergency meeting as storm Gloria death toll hits 13" on reddit. calls emergency meeting as storm Gloria death toll hits 13 just posted "Spain calls emergency meeting as storm Gloria death toll hits 13" on reddit.
storm: four dead and hundreds of thousands without power people killed as Spain hit by blizzards Gloria has hit Spain, killing four and leaving hundreds of thousands without power. the storm has continued to batter the east coast of spain on tuesday, with four people now dead. nine dead and four missing as storm Gloria batters spain.'Gloria' kills 11 in Spain, causes wide coastal damage Gloria kills at least 3 in Spain and disrupts travel Gloria kills four and leaves hundreds of thousands without power in Spain. ‘Extreme risk’ still in place as Storm Gloria kills eight - is Spain safe?death toll in Spain from “Storm Gloria” has risen to 11 today. catalonia, the Valencia region and the balearic islands hav... toll rises to 11 in Spain as south-west France battens down the hatches. toll rises to nine dead as storm Gloria ebbs.
