a homeless woman dies on the street in Valencia due to hypothermia and she is to blame for not wanting to go to a... RT : VIDEO | The storm Gloria keeps twelve communities in red, aragon and catalonia in red. RT : VIDEO | The fall of a construction crane, as a result of the storm Gloria... RT : VIDEO | The storm Gloria destroys the streets of... RT : VIDEO
storm Gloria kills at least seven in Spain, four missing and over sixty injured, not to mention millions of euros in material damage. storm Gloria is currently affecting the Pyrénées-Orientales, has killed three people and left millions of euros in damage. storm Gloria: the death toll rises to nine in Spain, the aude remains on red alert. storm Gloria: the death toll rises to nine in Spain, the last identified victim is a ho... DIRECT. storm Gloria: the death to
storm Gloria: red flood alert for the Pyrénées-Orientales and aude. there are eight counties with a high risk of river overflows. storm Gloria: the toll rises to nine dead in Spain, the aude remains on red alert. storm 'glory' also wreaks havoc in alcalá | alcalá hoy i finally got home! i also survived the 21N. Gloria DIRECT. storm Gloria: the toll rises to nine dead
a line of very intense precipitation that will reach us tonight is already formed.... poor salou, first the train disappears, and now the beach Gloria they ask for citizen collaboration to urgently welcome the animals that live inside. 27 roads affected, 15 cut by floods and objects on the road. we recommend that everyone who has to drive..." three people remain missing in perpignan, Gloria cuts the power. in Paris it is Philippe who cuts off the electricity. a crater about 80 meters in diameter is being opened
a homeless woman dies on the street in Valencia due to hypothermia and she is to blame for not wanting to go to a... RT : VIDEO | The storm Gloria keeps twelve communities in red, aragon and catalonia in red. RT : VIDEO | The fall of a construction crane, as a result of the storm Gloria... RT : VIDEO | The storm Gloria destroys the streets of... RT : VIDEO |
strong winds, waves of seven meters, heavy snowfall: storm Gloria is unleashed in the Mediterranean. RT _officiel: nature is complaining about heavy rains, giant waves, snow and extreme weather... like we’ve never seen, persistently. RT _officiel: 1,500 households are deprived of electricity and... RT _officiel: 'we like you to come and buy, but today it's better than...' RT _offici