storm Gloria has knocked down up to 80 percent of citrus in some plots in the counties. more than 1,500 people evacuated from their homes in the province of jaen....a woman dies on the street in gandia due to a cold wave.
ten dead, four missing and over sixty injured, not to mention millions of euros in material damage. _cat suspends classes for tomorrow! Today has decided to suspend school activity. we believe thatCut off the AP-7 and 220,000 subscribers without electricity in the province of Girona.
storm Gloria continues to hit the eastern part of Spain, killing four people. the storm is currently affecting the Pyrénées-Orientales. storm Gloria is causing more than a hundred incidents in Sant Cugat.
storm Gloria claimed 10 lives and 5 people are missing. of the 20 stations that have collected the most accumulated rainfall since Sunday are in Terres de l'Ebre. there are 27 roads affected by storm Gloria, 15 of which were closed to traffic. 10 are flooded, 4 are obj.
storm Gloria is unleashed in the Mediterranean! of 14 meters, invasion of foam, torrential rains: storm Gloria is unleashed in the Mediterranean! - Storm Gloria: high risk of avalanches in the Pyrenees, 1000 homes without electricity | LCI victims of Gloria in...
the Spanish Government declares the ""climate emergency"" in full emergency due to the storm Gloria ""gloria"" punishes the Valencian citrus and horticultural sector 'gloria' eats the levantine beaches: the reason is in the Arctic and it is just a warning's happening: a polar bear seeks refuge from the cold in Sant Joan de les Abadesses.
storm Gloria is currently affecting the Pyrénées-Orientales, has killed three people. the storm Gloria has knocked down up to 80 percent of citrus in some plots in the counties. the town hall is forced to tear down the walls where the storm Gloria had to come for the Valencia Airport to finally have movement.
storm Gloria leaves winds of 144 kilometers per hour and waves of 10 meters high in the balearic islands. more than 1,500 inhabitants of the south asked to evacuate because of the floods linked to storm Gloria. the storm will leave real waterspouts. more than 200 l / m2 will accumulate in some areas and...
the storm Gloria causes the largest wave ever measured in the western Mediterranean. the waves enter through the underground passage, completely flooded in front of the Badalona train station. in Girona the flooding of several rivers worries. snow makes trans...
a dividing wall falls on top of the jes<unk>s maria infant school building, in Carrer de Tamarit, in morella. streets of morella have no light and neighbors have to use batteries or a cell phone flashlight to get home. a woman dies on the street in gandia due to a cold wave. She dies frozen in the cold, alone, on the street.
the passage of the storm 'Gloria' has caused leaks, water leaks and power and telephone cuts in the sanitary system. 'Gloria' has caused damage in the city of barcelona... 1,500 households are deprived of electricity and... 1,500 households are deprived of electricity and...
storm Gloria leaves winds of 144 kilometers per hour and waves of 10 meters in catalonia. in spain, the Gloria depression kills at least eight people and leaves landscapes devastated. the storm Gloria is causing strong wind gusts, such as 14-meter waves recorded at seventy kilometers...