_arroyo: We are going to stay in Gloria when they take away the two high voltage lines
fueratorresdearroyo
You can share and ... Two and a half hours that I've been without light juju
We continue to bingo!
http ...  : LIVE - Storm Gloria - The mayor of Perpignan announces on BFM TV that 7000 power cuts are recorded in… In Perpignan, Gloria cuts the power.
In the set of counties of Tarragona about 7,100 abo…  A blackout affects almost 1,000 subscribers in Horta de Sant Joan.
ProteccioCivil en… They will charge Gloria
to cut the AP-7 and leave
220,000 subscribers
without light?
A homeless woman dies on the street in Valencia due to hypothermia and she is to blame for not wanting to go to a ...
Storm Gloria: the toll rises to nine dead in Spain, Aude remains on red alert   : In Spain, the Gloria depression kills at least eight people and leaves landscapes devastated.
Authorities recommend extreme…  There are already 43 people injured in Catalonia by the TemporalGloria
One of the last in Alcarràs (Segrià), when it fell…   : There are already 43 people injured in Catalonia by the TemporalGloria
One of the last in Alcarràs (Segrià), when a wall fell…  : A woman dies on the street in Gandia due to a cold wave.
ALE | The eastern storm will leave real waterspouts.
The Pyrénées-Orientales and Aude on red flood alert, more than 1,500 evacuations.
Storm Gloria: the toll rises to nine dead in Spain, Aude remains on red alert  DIRECT.
The rise will leave more than 200 l / m2 in areas of the coast and the… Tordera River continues to rise!
It is now earthy in color at the height of Vic.
Miles  : The river Onyar beats very hard as it passes through Girona.
Still, the…   :  recommends families not to take their children to schools and kindergartens tomorrow Wednesday.
The flow is increasing.
Three towns in the Talavera region among those that have required more interventions than the more than 1,000 than  ...
Gloria  : ❗️ ATTENTION❗️
⚠️The Girona City Council activates the emergency situation due to the overflow of the Onyar river
⚠️Civil Protection…  _centelles: It is recommended to avoid access to the Congost riverbed and cross torrents and streams More than fifty incidents in Tarragona due to the storm Gloria  More than fifty incidents in Tarragona due to the storm Gloria Reus  Firefighters have attended 1,167 services in five hours due to storm Gloria and are already carrying about 4,500  Interior recommends that schools not open tomorrow in 5 counties  Ontinyent returns to normal after the passage of the storm ""Gloria""
▶ ️ The Department of Municipal Services withdraws…  Firefighters have responded to 1,167 services in five hours due to storm Gloria and are already carrying about 4,500.
TemporalA3N | The storm 'Gloria' floods the streets of Tossa de Mar with sea foam  https: //t.co…  : The storm Gloria hits Catalonia with force.
More than 200 l / m2 will accumulate in some areas and the fr ...  _sevilla: Direct | Power outages, floods, road closures and train stoppages: Gloria continues to hit 27 provinces https: ...  _blau: A wave hits the tracks and breaks more glass at the train station.
Badalona   : ⚠ High risk of river overflow in:

➡ Alt Empordà
➡ Baix Empordà
➡ Forest
➡ Girona
➡ Pla de l'Estany
➡ Terra Alt  : The Gloria does its thing.
⛈️☃️ The cold, rain and snow storm is also perceived in VuestraAlcazaba.
This is how intense the waves are in Costa Brava ...  : [DIRECT] Gloria: it fell up to 40 cm of heavy and sticky  snow at 800 m altitude and ten cm around 300 m… LIVE - Storm Gloria: high risk of avalanches in the Pyrenees, 1000 homes without electricity | LCI   : Storm Gloria: heavy snowfall in the Pyrénées-Orientales   : Storm Gloria: Météo France forecasts ""3 to 5 months of precipitation in 72 hours"" in certain areas of the Pyrénées-Orientales ...  : LIVE - Storm Gloria: high risk of avalanches in the Pyrenees, 1000 homes without electricity