Heavy snowfall, heavy rain, strong winds, very low temperatures and storm surge (due to the so-called "Storm Gloria") has been affecting northern and eastern mainland Spain, the Balearic Islands and southern France since 19 January.
According to media, as of 20 January, two people have been slightly injured in Mataró (Barcelona Province). In Spain, Catalonia and Valencia have witnessed the worst of the weather. 3 people have died in Valencia (1 in Gandia, 1 in Carcaixent and 1 in Moixent municipalities) and 3 in Avila, Alicante and Almería provinces. 4 people are missing on the Balearic Islands, Girona Province. Alicante Airport has been closed for 24 hours disrupting 200 flights and schools are closed across Albacete, Murcia and Alicante, schools in 120 municipalities were suspended and several roads were cut off. According to media reports of 24 January, 13 people have died. Electricity, water and telephone lines have seen disruptions and damage sustained to buildings and urban infrastructure. Railway tracks, bridges and up to 100 schools have been damaged.
In France, there has been river flooding in the Pyrénées-Orientales, Aude, Ariège, and Haute-Garonne departments. 2,000 people have been preventively evacuated across the Pyrénées-Orientales and Aude. Approximately 27,000 homes remain without electricity, and several roads (including the A9 highway France-Spain) are closed due to snow.
Over the next 24 hours, heavy rain and strong winds are forecast over the whole eastern coastal area while moderate rain and snowfall are forecast over central-eastern Spain. In  Catalonia, Valencia, Aragón, Murcia, Balearic Islands and eastern Andalusia have been hit with heavy rain and snow, wind and strong waves.
The Spanish Meteorological Agency (AEMET) issued several red warnings for heavy snowfall and strong winds over central-eastern and north-eastern Spain, a red warning for snow storm remains in effect over parts of Aragona Region as well as for coastal event over northeastern Spain.
Orange warnings for rain have been issued over southern and north-east Spain and red warnings for floods over the French Pyrénées-Orientales and Aude departments.