220,000 subscribers in the Girona demarcation without electricity due to a high voltage fault in red electrica. - storm Gloria: high risk of avalanches in the Pyrenees, 1000 homes without electricity | LCI - storm Gloria: high risk of avalanches in the Pyrenees, 1000 homes without electricity.Spain, the Gloria depression kills ten and leaves landscapes devastated via le MondeThe storm floods the Ebro delta and forces the closure of dozens of roads. the storm has knocked down up to 80 percent of citrus in some plots in the counties. thousands of students without class is the balance of this Tuesday.
storm Gloria continues to hit Spain after causing four deaths. three people died due to the storm "Gloria", which is hitting the eastern part of Spain. 1,500 people were evacuated in the Pyrénées-Orientales, and more than 250 in aude, following the weather.a 49-year-old man, who was in a portal in front of the Gloria Fuertes park in the city, died of cold in a park. from the start of the storm until 2pm, the phone has received 140 calls from SantCugat. 11 of the 20 stations that have collected the most accumulated rainfall since Sunday are in Terres de l'Ebre.10 dead and 4 missing in Spain and catalonia, strong images and a devastated coast. storm Gloria leaves winds of 144 kilometers per hour and waves of 10 meters in catalonia. there are 27 roads affected by the storm Gloria, 15 of which were closed to traffic. 10 are flooded, 4 are missing.
 High risk of river overflow in: <unk> Alt Empordà <unk> Baix Empordà <unk> Forest <unk> Girona <unk> Pla de l'Estany <unk> Terra alt of the river Tordera in the. <unk> ATTENTION<unk> <unk>The Girona City Council activates the emergency situation due to the overflow of the onyar river.Gloria. the Pyrénées-Orientales and aude on red flood alert, more than 1,500 evacuations. ACCESS TO THE BES<unk>S RIVER PARK IS TOTALLY PROHIBITED. park flood alert. evacuation area and closed access...storm Gloria: the toll rises to nine dead in Spain, the aude remains on red alert. storm Gloria: three dead in spain, orange vigilance in the pyrénées-orientales.
a crater about 80 meters in diameter is being opened in plaça catalunya. there are 27 roads affected by the storm Gloria, 15 of which were closed to traffic. 10 are flooded, at 4 p.m.... total of 215 roads affected throughout the country by the storm Gloria.a 10m wave in Banyuls Gloria attacks Racou, a 10m wave in Banyuls Gloria attacks Racou, a 10m wave in Banyuls Gloria attacks the Racó and a 10m wave is measured in Banyuls. a 10m wave in Banyuls Gloria attacks the Racó and a 10m wave is measured in Banyuls.the line of very intense precipitation that will reach us tonight is already formed. gauging station located on the torroella de montgr<unk> bridge, riuter, measures a flow of 325m3 / s INUNCAT levanta.
storm Gloria hit the village of racou in the town of argelès-sur-mer. total of 215 roads affected throughout the country by the storm Gloria. the storm ‘Gloria’ already adds 56.8 mm of rain to the mediterranean.homes destroyed, promenades destroyed and businesses full of rubble. it is the chaos that the storm has left. Mediterranean Sea is still very agitated by the incidence of the Storm Glory. the passage of the storm Gloria has caused leaks, water leaks and power and telephone cuts in the sanitary system.images of a foam invasion in Tossa de mar as a result of the storm 'Gloria' storm Gloria unleashed in the Mediterranean with torrential rains and 14 meters of sea foam.
a woman dies on the street in gandia due to a cold wave. she dies frozen in the cold, alone, on the street. in a country full of p... a woman dies frozen in the cold, alone, on the street.storm Gloria hit the coasts of spain with force. storm will travel to the Gulf of Cádiz sending rains to extremadura. three people died for the storm "Gloria", which is hitting the eastern part of.storm Gloria is unleashed in the Mediterranean! storm Gloria leaves winds of 144 kilometers per hour and waves of 10 meters in catalonia. the storm kills dozens of trees in the city of sao paulo. the storm is expected to leave 3 to 5 months of precipitation in 72 hours.