two and a half hours that ive been without light jujuwe continue to bingogloria castelldefels castelldefels castelldefels castelldefels castelldefels .
sevilla direct power outages, floods, road closures and train stoppages gloria continues to hit 27 provinces https .
the passage of the storm has caused leaks, water leaks and power and telephone cuts in the sanitary system .
all afternoon without light in full squall glory. zone premiademar. can you give us some information information can you give us some information information can you give us some information
the snowfalls caused by the gloria storm keep many municipalities in the province of castelln isolated https https https
the storm gloria hits spain four people have died died the storm gloria hits spain four people have died died the storm gloria hits spain four people have died died
fifth fatality of the storm a man dies of cold in a park via a park via a park via a park via a park via a park via fifth
gloria continues to hit spain after 4 deaths madrid sputnik la fb la fb .
a man dies of cold in a park park
e alea will leave real waterspouts. more than 200 m2 .
es the timethe red warning for the storm gloria extends to nine provinces for the storm gloria extends to nine provinces for the storm gloria extends to nine provinces for
barcelona on red alert for storm gloria strong gusts of wind, closed parks and some damage in the city .
storm gloria three dead in spain, orange vigilance in the pyrnesorientales. orange vigilance in the pyrnesorientales. orange vigilance in the pyrnesorientales. orange vigilance .
three people, the storm gloria is currently affecting the pyrnesorie where it is affecting the pyrnesorie where it killed three people, the storm gloria is currently affecting the pyrnesorie where
the gloria storm on the catalan coast. winds of more than 70km h winds of more than 70km h winds of more than 70km h winds of more than 70km
they ask for citizen collaboration to urgently welcome the animals that live inside .
the climate emergency in full emergency due to the storm gloria .
gloria is tireless in matar today the firefighters did not have a break. it has been a coming and going
storm gloria hits catalonia with force. in girona the flooding of several rivers worries. snow makes trans .
high waves are beginning to sink some boats in the port olmpic of barcelona. gloria gloria .
the catalan coast is suffering the worst storm in the levante of this century while the waters penetrate in the levante of this century while the waters penetrate in the
ale the eastern storm will leave real waterspouts. more than 200 m2 will accumulate in some areas .
e alea will leave real waterspouts. more than 200 m2
ramos in valencia it either rains little or the world cup falls, there is no middle ground. gloria ramos in valencia it either rains little or the world cup falls,
the fall of a construction crane, causes damage to a parked vehicle and cuts c .
valencia promenade gloria thank goodness that tomorrow is a party here margentechachi21ene an apr .
gloria hit me to the bone from 930 to 1500. in spite of this, the gesture of an h made my shitty day happy today today gloria hit me to
gloria soaked me to the bone from 9.30 to 15. despite this, despite this, i was glad of my shitty day the gesture of a man the only one of