the number of people injured by the terremite of magnitude 7.1 that shook fukushima ascended to 124, while... the balance of the victims of the earthquake amounted to 50 people. Until now 950 thousand houses reported in the affected area of the earthquake experienced electric death.a 7.3 magnitude earthquake struck Japan on the evening of february 13th. more than a hundred wounded in a powerful earthquake off fukushima. nearly one million homes are deprived of electricity. Dozens wounded are to be deplored in the prefecture.at least 30 people were injured after an earthquake of a magnitude of 7.3 magnitude on the scale of... URL in Japan: there are already 124 the figures of wounded in miyagi and fukushima URL. an earthquake of 7.1 degrees on the Richter scale shook Japan. there are many wounded and hundreds of lost.
was feared when the earthquake yesterday was the condition of a nuclear reactor in fukushima, and alhamdulillah there was no damage.... 7.3, Ministry of foreign affairs: There are no victims of Indonesian citizens in fukushima, japan, ministry of foreign affairs: there are no victims of the citizen.earthquake of 7.3 versus fukushima's coasts in japan has not caused abnormalities in nuclear plates. earthquake of 7.1 versus fukushima's coasts in japan has not caused abnormalities in nuclear plates. earthquake, radioactive wastewater spill URL.1 Japan URL.URL earthquake of february 13 in Japan led to the overflow of water from the spent fuel pools of reactors 5 and 6 of the nuclear power plant. some 950 thousand homes have run out of electricity supply as a result of the earthquake in Japan.
a powerful magnitude 7.1 earthquake has just occurred off fukushima, au Japon. estimated 7.1 magnitude earthquake occurred off fukushima, japan. <unk> a magnitude 7.3 earthquake recorded off fukushima.7.3 shook Japan at 23: 07hrslocal from February 13, 2021 (08: 07hrs centromexico) with epicenter at 63km to the north... 7.1 earthquake shook Fukushima, so the Japan Meteorology Agency (details) was informed.earthquake with a scale of 7.3 SR struck fukushima, japan. TMSHOW URL magnitude 7.3 earthquake struck japan yesterday. TMSHOW URL earthquake with a scale of 7.3 SR struck fukushima, japan.